EPAS minor upgrades: replaced `yum` with `dnf` (#5841)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/16/upgrading/05_performing_a_minor_version_update_of_an_rpm_installation.mdx

- /epas/latest/epas_upgrade_guide/05_performing_a_minor_version_update_of_an_rpm_installation/
---

If you used an RPM package to install EDB Postgres Advanced Server or its supporting components, you can use `dnf` to perform a minor version upgrade to a more recent version. 

1.  To list the package updates that are available for your system, open a command line, assume root privileges, and run:

    ```shell
    dnf check-update <package_name>
    ```

    Where `package_name` is the search term for which you want to list available updates. You can include wildcard values in the search. 
    
1.  After you identify the package(s), update them:

    ```shell
    dnf update <package_name>
    ```

>     Where `package_name` is the name of the package you want to update. Include wildcard values in the update command to update multiple related packages with a single command. For example, use the following command to update all packages with names that include the expression `edb`:

Reviewer: nit-pick and existed prior to this edit, but... This is slightly misleading. Should be,

```suggestion
    Where `package_name` is the name of the package you want to update. Include wildcard values in the update command to update multiple related packages with a single command. For example, use the following command to update all packages with names start with `edb`:
```

For symmetry, might also include same example for step 1 above (ideally you'd know which packages an expression will update before updating them).

    ```shell
    dnf update edb*
    ```

>     !!! Note

Reviewer 2: I'd move this warning to the top. This process is only useful for minor upgrades, major upgrades need pg_upgrade.
